# Driver-Pass

Driver Pass was an online driving platform that was meant to help students pass the DMV driving exam at a higher rate. The student had the option to take an online course enabled also an on-the-road driving test. The client that I was working with here was the owner of Driver Pass. I feel that one thing I did well here was outline the system from different points of views in a detailed way. We looked at every process that will happen within this application and planned for it. We did this by making diagrams like class and sequence diagrams that outline the Driver Pass system. I feel that anyone would be able to understand the system if they look at the graphs and explanations that I created for the system. If I had to choose one of my documents to revise, I would choose the sequence diagram that I created. I would try to include more detail and more processes of the program. The one that I made only represents the process of DMV updates and the revised would include all the other functions within the program. I believe that we can interpret and understand the user's needs by putting ourselves in their shoes. We have all been customers of online platforms and know what they did wrong and what the company could have done better. This is so important because of the user has a good experience then they will stay and spend more money. Also, this will help with the growth of the company and word of mouth form existing customers. When approaching software design, I like to use a class diagram to get a feel of the class structure and what functions go where. This gives me a detailed understanding of what the code will look like and what objects will work with each other. I feel that this makes the development process much smoother.  
